Li Xiang is a high ranking member of the Tang Kingdom. As Priestess of the Moon, she has limited access to the outside world and very few interactions with people that aren't her servants. Rui, although his role and title is not mentioned, seems to be the closest thing she has to a friend. On this night, he has brought a visitor to Li Xiang's room. The visitor is a warrior named Zhu Hua. Because Li Xiang requires that visitors announce themselves before entering her room, she becomes flustered when she realizes that Zhu Hua is a woman. This upsets her, and it gives the impression that Li Xiang is not a risk taker and does not like surprises. Despite Li Xiang's status, we discover through small actions that Zhu Hua is quite irreverent. She acts as if she is at home despite being inside the room of a Priestess, and rebuffs being referred to as 'Lady', instead preferring to be called her name only. After what is described as an uncomfortable first meeting between Li Xiang and Zhu Hua, Rui brings yet another guest to Li Xiang. This time, the guest is a man with striking looks named Yang Jun. Rui has already explained to Li Xiang that Yang Jun is the youngest person to ever pass the Imperial Exam, clearly a marker of importance in their Kingdom. Li Xiang is intrigued, but becomes even more so when she learns of Yang Jun's interest in literature, an interest she shares. When she expresses this, Rui reacts in a dismissive way until we find out that he has an ulterior motive. Rui has made a promise to Li Xiang that he will show her the outside world, and uses her interest in literary experiences to push the promise to fruition. Li Xiang is horrified at the prospect of going into the outside world, as it is apparent that she is not only forbidden to do so but knows it will come with harsh punishment for Rui if they are caught. Rui surmises that he is not important enough to be punished for such an act, but it appears that he says this only to placate Li Xiang. Rui also give Li Xiang a challenge. He asks her to play a game, with the terms being that if she loses she must take the risk and go into the outside world. If she wins, she will be allowed to stay inside. Li Xiang chooses a game but changes the terms. She proposes that if she loses, she will go outside. However, she tells Rui that if she wins, she never wants him to speak to or bother her again. Rui agrees quickly, and Li Xiang is disappointed by this although she does not show it. It is this part of the text which hints that Li Xiang is conflicted in her feelings for Rui. Here, the passage ends with Li Xiang and Rui about to play the game. 