The protagonist, recalls the events that led up to the falling out between her and her boyfriend, Chase. She had expected to reach some sort of reconciliation with him, but instead faced public scorn and came to the realization that he was aware of the lead up to and instigation of the supposed infidelity he was accusing her of. Hurt by the betrayal, she breaks down and cries, but recovers quickly. She channels that energy and comes up with a new campaign for her student presidency bid. Once she readies herself, she heads down for breakfast with her Mom and Dad. Though typically a consumer of tea, she opts for coffee for the day ahead. Her parents inquire about her campaign and she offers up the name of a studious individual; a lie,  that she believes will convey that everything is on track, while not letting them onto everything else going on. The protagonist heads to school, and meets up with Blake who she is really running with. She tells him she has a plan and wants to meet later to discuss it, while Blake questions why they can't discuss it then and there, seeing as they are the only two involved. She remarks that she wants to take it seriously, invoking an essence of formality. She pushes him for an answer for his availability, but Blake gives an answer that he's free but will be with friends, and that if she wants, the protagonist can come, seemingly meant to dissuade her from agreeing. However, the protagonist agrees in part because it bothers her that Blake seems to think he knows her so well. He seems to notice her red eyes, but she walks away before he can inquire. As she ruminates on her campaign, and heads to lunch she freezes up when she is confronted with having to come face to face with Chase and her former friends. Overcome with emotion, she heads to the bike shed where Blake frequently hangs out. It is the only place she feels she doesn't need to pretend. Blake is not there, so she tries to formulate some ideas for her campaign, but her thoughts keep drifting off to Blake. She ponders what he could be doing, and thinks about his character as well as her apprehensiveness towards working with him and how it could reflect poorly on her.