Rose Matthews is a new person trying to impress Blake by jumping off a bridge into the cold black water. her friend Freddie is there to let her know that Blake would have rescue her as she was under water for a long time. Blake comments how crazy that stunt was but likes her for it. They get out and head back to Blake's basement but the other go to their own homes as the cold rain starts to pour. Rose and Blake discover the electricity is off because he hasn't paid the bill so they have to dry off without a hot shower. He lends her his favorite Led Zeppelin T shirt whilst her clothes are drying. She notices the tattoos on his body as he gets changed and she realizes that she likes Blake. He compliments her on how good she looks in his shirt and they kiss, it seem he like her too. he stood up for her and punched her ex boyfriend Chase so even though he is the debate captain and she is worried about the ballot next week she wants to take things further. before things go too far they pull back and decide they should play a game. she make on up called truth serum where they have to truthfully answer a question of have a drink (they have a warm beer open by this time). she asks him what his favorite flower is and he replies evening primrose. He asks here what it's like being the daughter of the mayor so they are obviously from two very different social classes. She then asks where his brother is and it's a difficult subject to answer for Blake as his older brother is his guardian but has moved to outside of town. he then asks what her favorite holiday it and when she replies Valentines day he dismisses it as a scam that is only to get your money. they talk about next weeks campaign and how they can persuade people to vote form them with cupcake. he makes a joke about intimidating them into voting for her. it's getting late and she needs to go before he mother wonders where she is. He walks her to her car and they make plans to see a concert tomorrow, it's a band she likes and is looking forward to seeing them together. they kiss good night and he lets her keep his t shirt. When she gets home she looks up his favorite flower (evening primrose) and comes to the conclusion that it is very much like her.