The protagonist and her friends, Ditzy and Calico J are scouting out a motel. They are looking for signs oh inhabitation. Starting with the front of the motel, Ditzy is on lookout while the protagonist and Calico J take a closer look. As they approach the building, Ditzy takes the first step onto the veranda. The protagonist instinctually tells her to back up. Ditzy shines her light on the wall, revealing Redding on the walls, confirming the protagonist's gut feeling. They look to the 3 locked rooms the Redding branches off to, noting that Redding means Sleepers. There are 5 other locked rooms. They clear the empty rooms to confirm no presence of Redding or other life. They then move on to the locked rooms. The protagonist announces out loud they are friendly in case anyone is in the rooms, but receives no response. After, they move to the back of the motel. The back is overgrown with vegetation and saturated with water making it difficult and hazardous for them to approach. They proceed with caution, carefully scanning for bodies, water, and Redding. Calico J clocks a broken window, one that connects to one of the locked rooms from before. The protagonist deduces that the room should be empty, but notes that it did not feel that way. She moves in to investigate further, readying her headlamp and hockey stick weapon. She notices the window was broken from the inside, as the shards of glass were outside and finds a phone. She sees a text message addressed to a Vix, from someone named Oreo. After one attempt at opening the phone, she pockets it mentioning she'll ask Patrick who has experience with cracking phones to take a further look. The protagonist notes based on the condition of the grass under the phone, the action took place recently. Ditzy approaches the window and confirms that there is 1 person inside, sleeping. The protagonist and Ditzy confer with each other about the possibilities of the scenario in front of them. The group circles back around to the door of the locked room as they determined they would inspect the room further. They go over what to do if they are attacked before going in and the protagonist tries to push a calm approach, though Ditzy seems determined to take a more aggressive approach and kick down the door. They enter and find the room in a state of disarray with the Sleeping person they spotted, dead, but preserved by Redding. 