A group of four University students? are stuck in an area called Chestnut after a mishappening they keep referring to "Redding". The four students are "Meg" (the narrator), "Patrick" (the computer guy about whom they don't know about much), "Ditzy" (the ferocious girl who annoys everyone), and "Calico J" (the guy who is texting the suspicious guy). 

Calico J is conversing with a person who is supposedly from other group outside of Chestnut who are among the survivors of the "Redding". This conversation strikes a debate between opposing views about whether the guy on the other side is trustable or not or even if the guy is trustable the situation is such that you cannot trust any other people. Calico J gives an example of the University cafeteria survivors, but Meg wants to remind Calico that the "Cafeteria survivors" aren't the best example as no body knows what happened to them. 

During the conversation Calico J keeps insisting that they should try to keep contact with other people, they may have resources, or even internet. Meg, however, isn't fully convinced and seeks approval from other Patrick about not trusting the other guy. The guy over the phone (text) says that he will talk to other group members and text back upon the request of Calico J to meet and share information. At first she is met with approval from Patrick which is short lived. Eventually Meg is also inclined to think of hope against hope that the other person is legit. She rationalized the thought process of the other person texting by thinking that "There are things in the Chestnut that even they are not aware of, how could we judge a person for not deeming a place safe that even we cannot be sure about?", "They must be a large group". She hopes against the hope. 

I personally find the guy on the text to be not trustworthy as the only people who survive such happening have to be somewhat selfish and willing to sacrifice other people to go through their desires and wants. And also he doesn't like to take any risks by coming to Chestnut area but he has no problems with interacting with total strangers in such dangerous situations which gives Red flags. 